[Music]
hello there I'm Jimmy I'm your host and
if you let me be your online Pilates
instructor - we'll get to that later
here we are again thank you for watching
on what is a very special day at my
house this is our son Billy's third
birthday and we are very grateful to the
doctors and the nurses respiratory
therapists everyone who worked to save
his life three years ago this week from
Cedar sinai hospital and Children's
Hospital here in LA
Billy is donating a thousand and
ninety-five mass to Children's Hospital
to thank them for his burden he doesn't
know he is but he is the only mask Billy
knows about it is a spider-man mask
which he wears constantly he is non-stop
with spider-man all day and night he
sleeps with him Billy's obsessed with
two things spider-man and the word
diarrhea and I'm gonna surprise him with
one of those tonight speaking of
spider-man the comic book world is in
mourning this week because the
coronavirus the San Diego Comic Con has
been cancelled officially for the first
time in its 50-year history that's the
bad news
good news is if you still want to pack
into a building with a bunch of other
people wearing masks you can just go to
any Trader Joe's cancelling Comic Con is
a shame because people look forward to
it all year but it was definitely the
right call the only thing that would be
worse than getting the coronavirus will
be getting it because a guy dressed like
Loki sneezed on your nachos a city
worker in Tampa made a discovery over
the weekend like most places the public
parks and tamper shut down but a park
warden discovered a man working out at a
park downtown and that man turned out to
be Tom Brady the new quarterback for the
Buccaneers and this is the best part she
kicked him out and look I know that we
need to be safe and high-profile people
have a responsibility to encourage
responsible behavior but I still feel
that this is one of the few times it
would have been appropriate to say do
you know who I am
I'm Tom effing Brady God sent me to win
you as a Super Bowl you should be
staying in your house to keep me safe
anyway Tom Brady's at the park working
out and his friend Gronk is coming with
him why I don't know is football even
coming back I have a sneaking suspicion
Tom doesn't realize he's living in
Florida because he retired last month a
lot of people working hard during this
time and one group who I feel is not
getting enough praise are the people who
work at grocery stores they are putting
their health at risk so we can cor
Double Stuf Oreos but the employees at
Kroger and a bunch of cities did get an
incredibly generous perk from their
employer flyer was circulated at Kroger
that said as part of their associate
appreciation program to support the hard
work of Kroger associates they are
offering all Pepsi 20 ounce soft drink
products for only one dollar each limit
to per transaction dr. pepper not
included well of course dr. pepper isn't
included he's he's at the hospital right
now fighting the virus on the front
lines but there you go more beauty in
the face of adversity thank you for all
you mountain dew meanwhile there are
reports that North Korean leader Kim
Jong hoon is in bad shape health-wise he
is reportedly in grave danger after
complications following a heart
procedure but because everything with
him is secretive no one knows for sure
one of the reasons they suspect he's not
well is because last week he missed the
most important holiday in North Korea
which is a birthday celebration for his
late grandfather and that's especially
alarming because you know he is not one
to miss the chance to eat cake a South
Korean news site reported that Kim had
heart surgery due to complications from
excessive smoking obesity and overwork
see that's why our president doesn't
smoke and never works
he's smart maybe Kim jong-un just got
tired of the whole evil dictator thing
and decided to start a new life he's
gonna turn up 30 years from now running
a bed-and-breakfast in Vermont and of
course this has to be especially scary
for president Trump Kim Jong moon is
probably his best friend you know they
met
many years ago at chubby dictator camp
Trump was up bright and early this
morning to remind us that there is an
eye in pandemic and he's it he tweeted
I've had great ratings my whole life
there's nothing unusual about that for
me the White House news conference
ratings are through the roof Monday
Night Football bachelor finale New York
Times but I don't care about that I care
about going around the fête news to the
people only Donald Trump would say he
doesn't care about ratings while
bragging about his ratings but it wasn't
all lashing out in fairness Trump did
try to lift spirits yesterday and
actually told a pretty funny joke please
go ahead I cannot tell a lie
we'll get you next okay it's a good one
and guess what he didn't get her next he
went to someone else
and then moments later he lied again
he's in February and in March and there
are some I really don't know about
rallies I know one things in February I
haven't left the White House in months
except for a brief moment to give a
wonderful ship the comfort in March I'm
sorry I hold a rally did I hold a rally
did I hold a rally in an enclosed space
even though I now claim to have known it
was dangerous at that time yes do I have
an advent calendar counting down the
days until I can hold my next one
you bet your dirty mask I do he held
rallies in February and March and he
left the White House four times in March
including a trip tomorrow Lago
mar-a-lago by the way laid off 153
workers today in addition to the 560
laid off at Trump's resort in Miami
maybe this is why he's so anxious to
open for business again he's getting
hurt this gives you a sense of how
things are going at the White House the
president's own coronavirus task force
members of his own team are reported to
be actively ignoring him now they say
the Vice pull Mike Pence won't even
sniff his butt which I don't know that
doesn't make any sense of me why would
they ignore a president who has so many
great ideas
remember when he wanted to nuke the
hurricane
you probably think I'm joking but go
ahead and Google that I have a lot of
questions about the president's task
force and the mixed messages we've been
getting about staying home so we reached
out to the White House and believe it or
not they connected us with the chief
medical adviser to the coronavirus
response team and I am honored to
welcome dr. Anthony Fauci hello doctor
doctor foul Qi dr. pouchy yeah hello
yes yes we can hear you but I was under
the impression I'd be speaking to doctor
foul Qi oh no no doctor thoughts he is
no longer with us white why what well no
the president respects disagreement and
he respects dr. pouchy so much that he
actually sent him to a big farm upstate
where he's free to run around in the
field all day with other doctors I'm the
new leader coronavirus task force and
you are as in dr. Zaius the diabolical
minister of science from Planet of the
Apes movies oh okay
well dr. Zaius what other movies have
you done yes I are anyway doctor says if
you don't mind me asking how did you get
this job family connection the
president's mother Mary is my Nana's
sister okay so your mother was his
mother's sister but you're you're in
wait wait so that means Donald Trump is
orange hair like that that actually
explains a lot of things so doctor since
you are now the guy what are you
suggestions for stopping this this kovin
19 well first of all for humans this is
very important you must wear
ask you find that master are most
effective against spreading the virus no
but they are very effective in covering
up your ugly faces you're right faces
are disgusting well thank you dr. Zaius
joking aside I think what we really want
to know is how long before we can leave
our homes why so you can follow the
environment with your fossil fuels
destroy the forests with your insatiable
greed contaminate the oceans with your
heaps of captive detritus that wage war
over its any differences of religion and
race yeah yes three to six months okay
oh great all right anything else you
want to share well nothing again for
humans very important no more
masturbating in public well that's not
that's we don't that's more of an ape
thing we don't really something humans
do you don't know oh you missed it no
all right well that's dr. Zaius a new
editor of something I don't know